This task's goal is developing a function that can virtualize datasets with limited information. However, it is still a data virtualization problem, and the most critical rubric should be how the 
data was organized and represented. On the other hand, since we have limited information about the data, our virtualization function should be adaptive to different dataset.
When we first came across this problem, we think the function should have the ability that can automatically scan the dataset and analysis statistic features, such as average, variance, distributions, and even the regression functions among the attributes. Our function must be very handy if it can dig out the potential relationships and prove those relationships with graphs. However, in our later discussion, we realized our previous idea isn’t perfect since no oblivious relationships is also a meaningful relationship. A news about figuring out no relationship between two attributes is also containing informatics. So finally, we decide to use our function trying to display as much as possible attributes at the same time, since may be good for user to distinguish the latent relationships. 
Thanks for the Pandas package, we can observe the data framework easily with the function: dataframe.describe(). And then we analysis the numerical attribute individually with histogram and box graph. And we notice that the dataset also contains location and category information, so we combine these two attributes to discover categories’ spatial distribution. In addition, we also transferred three qualities into a vector and represented it with a 3D graph. And the colors in this graph represent different categories. So totally it indicated four attributes at one graph. 
For the further work, we think use Chi Square and Linear Regression to analyze the dataset first should still be a good idea. However, we have limited time to finish this research, so this function didn’t be implemented. 

By Wenzhuang CHI (wc4)

